For clarity, for the sake of clarity, in
specific terms, for accuracy, as
mentioned before, that is, in detail, to
go into detail, to finish up, wrapping it
up, in conclusion, as a final thought, in
closing, as a final point, summing up,
all things considered, to draw to a
close, to finalize, in opposition,
contrary to this, standing against,
notwithstanding, while, even still, with
respect to this, as opposed to, other
than, while it may be, disagreeing with,
despite being, objecting to, on another
note, by contrast, with an opposing view,
going against, diverging from, unlike, in
defiance of, only if, as long as, to the
extent that, provided that, restricted
to, insofar as, in part, to a limited
degree, so far as, within bounds, merely,
solely, up to a point, with certain
limitations, conditioned by, dependent
on, in the event of, pending, under
conditions, restricted by, surprisingly,
astonishingly, shockingly, to my dismay,
much to my surprise, out of the blue, to
my amazement, unexpectedly, incredibly,
much to my frustration, in fact, as a
matter of fact, indeed, to be precise, in
particular, incidentally, above all,
worth mentioning, notably, it's essential
to add, as highlighted, in the case of,
in connection with, a noteworthy point
is, let's not forget, most importantly,
in terms of, in the context of, with
special reference to, turning to, moving
forward, in relation to, transitioning
to, introducing, with regard to, shifting
focus, from another angle, looking at,
speaking of, presumably, supposedly,
arguably, allegedly, supposed to, it is
assumed that, theoretically,
hypothetically, conceivably, purportedly,
critically, fundamentally, principally,
primarily, essentially, in particular, of
utmost importance, vitally, at the core,
at the heart of, surprisingly, despite
all odds, against expectations, contrary
to what was thought, to one's
astonishment, unexpectedly, out of
nowhere, by surprise, without warning,
out of the blue, transitioning, on a
different note, shifting gears, changing
directions, pivoting to, meanwhile,
alternating between, on the flip side,
with a different approach, shifting
focus, I disagree with, I'm opposed to,
contrary to this belief, not in line
with, against this view, holding a
different view, opposed to, with an
opposing perspective, with all due
respect, from my viewpoint, in my
personal view, the way I see it, it
appears to me, in my own opinion, if you
ask me, from my perspective, to my mind,
speaking personally, as far as I'm concerned,